true
everybody its bellacor 75 and
so everywhere number
and no i don't have goes on i'll give a
shit not sort of ten years ago cuz he's
from a dead sleep they're like hey well
go get smoothies and be gay together
like oh yeah so we're all let go be gay
together in eight smoothies and anger
shit if I was gonna but um i'ma try go
this area i'm going to Baton Rouge and
so I'm gonna try to film a little bit
i'm a have a little chillin with me I
think what you call back passenger but
uh I have her with me so I'm not gonna
be able to fuck around I'm sorry guys
nope no oh why'd you stop you give me a
ticket
you guys are evil what the hell are
those things I guess it has stopped with
a tar fucker got cameras
and well my buddy right here on the Left
put a new sprocket upgrade front
sprocket I wonder what he did to it I
think you want one tooth down
oh good yeah so what I don't know what
to have you to say i don't think i was
supposed to anyway yes I remember taking
a trip to Baton Rouge and then on them
I've been feeling a whole lot lately and
I feel like crap when I don't film and
have music playing my ear and it makes
me want to do a wheelie
damn the cops anyway
yeah it uh now flick shitlist I haven't
me to feel like I've filmed two and half
weeks that's working all day today I
just want to ride my bike and I'm trying
I'm trying to distill the face and not
care what uh and not hear what uh what I
do what I make the distill mateus going
man I'm pretty sure I'll get good shit
over time as we're stopping so this is
gonna be a really really short film or
vid whatever film-- to the film oh god I
don't crash I'm so half asleep
and tada later you guys know God was the
button there it is and I'm going to do a
night road because haven't done one
who's yet and my buddies just took off
without me what a bunch of dicks like I
hate that and if you guys watch this
fucking shit this mute button where's my
new buddy fuck my headphones is muted no
no that is it awesome anyway like dude
why do you take off without your friends
wait for your friends you bastards
thanks for waiting for me yeah yeah yeah
yeah anyway yeah so I never try out the
night mode and I've never done to my
vlog so hope you guys enjoy this I'm
just I don't know what you just said
and they only have anything particular
to talk about I don't know manners which
actually mentioned this in previous film
will look at earlier this day and like
mr. together I know I haven't had much
to talk about I love logging but I just
don't have a whole lot to talk about and
why you put turn there
oh god I love that power man I just I
really just started coming up I didn't
want to do it I just pull back to
throttle oh god I over their power
hey oh hey everybody this is my mole
congratulations through all the cool
kids come hang out here the gas the
emails the Nerds Oh high school kids is
where they can hang up I used to come
hang out here and then like I was like
wiggers and gangsters start coming out
over here I think cops started hanging
out over here and will heal Hut I'm not
too friendly with the cops so where we
going uh okay
stop bitch
say why this is a mole oh yeah I know
I'm glad I'm glad that relates to going
I love that I love that light man so all
right and it's easy so we this is anna
malle everybody yay no parking towaway
zone I i'm recording everything yeah
except i can't put my yo drunk on
facebook skip
naked mannequins oh my god she doesn't
have a herd
no hardwood another it's not comfortable
so those are bed it's just hard wood
with blinkers on it maybe we should go
jump in the oh yeah yeah we love being
gay together we hold hands to you want
to come you can make us all straight